c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\Compare.exe.config
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\Compare.exe
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\Compare.pdb
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\Compare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\Compare_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\Compare_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\Compare.g.resources
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\Compare.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\Compare.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\Compare.exe
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\Compare.pdb
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\toky\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\toky\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Compare\Compare\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
